Previously on
"Marvel's Inhumans"...
What is that?
That's my dog.
He needs a doctor.
His name is Lockjaw.
Uh...
[ Chuckles nervously ]
I'm a geneticist,
but at my lab,
you'll be safe.
You have a wife?
He's looking for her.
I'll find her.
Karnak:
Since I hit my head,
I can't see the consequences
of my decisions.
When my Terrigenesis
made me human,
you abandoned me.
I'm still your --
your friend.
For how long this time?
Mordis.
[ Tires screeching ]
Medusa: She can help us find
our family.
I don't trust him.
You didn't trust
me or Jen at first.
Let me help you.
♪♪
Normally,
people I spend the night with
leave before dawn's
first light.
Just laying here with you,
I feel...
Please say "good."
No, I was -- I was
gonna say "phenomenal,"
which is weird.
It can't be post-conjugal
endorphins.
We had intercourse
over five hours ago.
"Intercourse"?
[ Chuckles ]
I want to be around you,
like, all day.
Thanks.
This despite the fact
that you snore in your sleep.
And the second toe
on your left foot is crooked.
Should've stopped with,
"I want to be around you."
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Bullets clink ]
[ Insect buzzing ]
God!
Hawaiian paradise, my ass.
♪♪
[ Breathes deeply ]
[ Gun cocks ]
♪♪
Or m-maybe I'm just hungry.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, those, uh,
post-conjugal endorphins
can really kick up
a hunger, huh?
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
Morning, Sunshines.
Aah!
Run.
Run!
[ Gunshots ]
♪♪
How did you even --
[ Gunshots ]
♪♪
Aah! Aah!
Ted?
Shh. Shh.
[ Muffled ] Oh, my God.
Reno: Sharing was never
one of my strong points, Jen!
Rough way to find out.
I know.
But what are you gonna do?
♪♪
[ Rustling ]
[ Breathing shallowly ]
♪♪
[ Cellphone rings ]
Crap.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Hey.
You're on your way, huh?
You're early.
I'll be waiting for you.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
♪♪
We better move.
[ Grunting ]
[ Lo Tom's "Overboard" plays ]
♪♪
♪ You really messed me up ♪
Yes, it hurt.
♪ When you couldn't see me ♪
We need to focus
on finding our family,
on saving Crystal
from your brother.
I don't want
to talk about it.
It's not gonna change
anything.
♪ Don't stop on account of me ♪
♪ I'm not living there anymore ♪
Pulsus.
He shocked me.
And Auran and some
of the other guards, they --
they held me down, and --
and then he -- he --
♪ It just takes a while ♪
♪ For me to un-feel a thing ♪
Hey.
♪ And the opposite
of what you think ♪
I'll be all right.
Calm yourself.
[ Pounding on trunk ]
Okay. That's it. We are letting
that woman out of the trunk.
♪♪
Karnak's
over there somewhere.
How do you know?
[ Shrieks ]
That's how I know.
My call echo-locates
whatever I'm sent to find,
even Royals.
Well, I certainly
can't drive through that.
Good,
'cause riding in that...
What's that called?
It's a trunk.
And they're not meant
to be ridden in.
Not that it's any different
than how the Royal Family
normally treats us.
♪♪
Go.
Do your job.
See?
What?
Do you really always
treat everybody that bad?
Locus was here to kill us.
This is good.
We find Karnak
and then Gorgon,
and then we return home
and we make sure
that Crystal's safe.
Karnak will find
a way home.
Nobody knows this,
but my company's prepping
a manned mission to the Moon
to beat the Chinese.
I might be able to convince them
to let you guys tag along.
They would find out
about our home.
[ Comlink beeping ]
Wait.
What is that?
You hiding something
from us?
[ Comlink beeps ]
Locus.
Why isn't Auran answering?
Hello, Maximus.
♪♪
Medusa.
Great.
You have Locus.
You better not have hurt
my sister.
Crystal is...
I would never harm her.
I don't want to hurt
any of you.
Is that why you sent
Auran and her soldiers,
why you released Mordis?
Because we put him down,
too.
Black Bolt says
that when he gets home,
he wants to have
a few words with you.
♪♪
Tell my brother...
I look forward
to the family reunion.
[ Comlink cracks ]
Ooh!
Can I see that?
Bring me Tibor.
Now!
♪♪
[ Lockjaw panting ]
Audrey:
Lockjaw's swelling is way down,
so we've got that going for us.
Great.
[ Lockjaw grunts ]
We need to find
our family now.
You ready?
No, he's healing,
but he's not ready
to be running around anywhere.
That's okay.
We'll just transport.
What do you mean,
"transport"?
Just what I said.
Lockjaw can transport
to any location
and take people with him.
Karnak calls it
"folding space."
Does folding space make playing
fetch out of the question?
No.
He loves that.
Okay, I want to see.
This is ridiculous.
How do you think
I got here from the Moon?
I don't!
We sent people
to the Moon.
We took pictures
of the whole place.
There's nothing there.
Come on.
I want to try it.
Don't play along with her.
Come on, Dave.
Let's go.
[ Lockjaw grunts ]
Take us to where
you took Medusa.
Get up close.
You have to be touching him.
[ Lockjaw grunts ]
♪♪
Oh, my God.
Declan:
That's fascinating.
It's like a...
a serpent's venom gland...
except in his neck,
not behind the eyes.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Glove sizzling ]
That's extraordinary.
You think she has a power
of some kind, too?
Set up a DNA test
on both of them.
I have a feeling
they have a lot in common
with our silent friend.
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
Where are you, Karnak?
Karnak!
Karnak.
I've been looking
all over for you.
Clearly, I didn't hide
well enough.
Look what I found
out there.
Huh?
Want to play catch?
Put that flag back
right now.
No.
I found it out there.
It's been out there
for years.
Plus, it'll look great
in my room.
You are putting
our civilization at risk.
It's just a flag.
A satellite's
gonna pass over
where that flag was
in 22 minutes.
So?
Humans will wonder
what happened to the flag.
They're gonna see your
hoofprints around where it was.
Aren't they?
21 minutes.
Go!
You would destroy Attilan
without me.
Look good in his room.
♪♪
You got hurt.
Don't worry.
I'm coming for you.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
You scared me.
Where are your partners?
Ted had an accident.
Buried out back.
However, I ran
into a little...glitch.
Jen met some Asian dude
with face tatts.
They took off after --
after they saw Ted's body.
And now you're afraid
they'll go to the cops.
I could use your help
finding them.
You know,
the more, the merrier.
What'd you do
with Ted's body?
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Whoa! Wait!
[ Body thuds ]
[ Birds squawking,
wings flapping ]
I don't trust
people who kill their partners.
You see that blood trail?
You four, bring the truck in
as close as you can,
load up the green.
You, follow me.
Let's make sure face-tatts
and his girlfriend
don't make it out of here.
♪♪
Jen.
Jen!
♪♪
You called for me,
my king?
We're old friends.
Enough of
the "my king" business.
I have a task for you.
Auran has failed
yet again.
I need you to figure out
which of these Inhumans
we could send to her.
Like a forced
conscription?
Call it whatever you want.
The Royal Family can't
be allowed to return.
If Black Bolt returns, they lose
their newfound freedom.
I don't think
this is the freedom
the lower caste
is looking for.
That's the problem
with those people.
They think that freedom
is something granted,
but it's not freedom
until they earn it.
Still, it's not
what they're expecting.
Look, it's in
our best interest
to have any confrontation
down there
rather than have them come
back up here
and ruin all we've done.
I understand, Maximus.
You know what?
I've changed my mind.
I like "my king" better.
Yes, my king.
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Groaning ]
Ohh.
This hurts.
Complaining
will not do.
Oh. Mm.
What are you doing?
[ Bones crack ]
Mm!
Huh.
How did you do that?
Blocked the pain nerves
in your side.
You shouldn't feel
any pain there for a while.
Show me the wound.
[ Groans ]
I should've seen this
before it happened to you.
How would you have
done that?
I'm usually good
at predicting outcomes.
This is my fault.
We need to get the bullet out
before we sew you up.
Uh, uh, can't we just
leave it in there
till we get to a hospital?
Moving around
with the metal inside
will cause internal damage,
and you'll die.
Well, when you put it
like that...
I could dig it out
from the front,
but that would ensure
infection.
Cut it out your back...
but then we have to deal
with two open wounds.
There is a path
to get it out.
I need you to stay...
very still.
What?
Why?
Do you trust me?
That's one of us.
[ Groans softly ]
What -- What are you doing?
Stay still.
You're like my cousin --
"Ooh! What's that?"
Stay...still.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
Wait.
Is that...?
[ Groans ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
How did you...?
One of the rare times
the shortest distance
between two points
is actually
a straight line.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Mm.
[ Breathing heavily ]
What are you doing
with that?
Improvising a suture
to sew you up.
Uh, no.
Just no.
I've got a sewing kit.
We're always tearing holes
in our tents.
[ Sighs ]
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Exhales forcefully ]
Once you get me closed up,
we have to call the police.
No.
Your kind tends to react badly
to anyone different,
especially those
in authority.
And trudging through
the jungle to the police
won't stop Reno
from hunting us.
We can't stay here.
No.
But we can go back to camp.
Wait.
Go back?
What?
Like, to ambush him?
I don't see
a flaw in the plan.
I don't think I see the flaw
in anything in my current state.
[ Branches cracking,
leaves rustling ]
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
So...
both of them seem to have
DNA similar to the silent one.
Mm-hmm.
Except there seems to be
a slight degradation
in the female's DNA.
All these people
with powers...
What if they stopped
fighting each other
and turned against us?
Well, all the more reason
why we have to help them
and understand them.
[ Tray clatters ]
♪♪
Relax.
It's just a postmortem spasm.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Choking ]
Please stop.
Ow!
Tell me where Black Bolt is,
or I'll snap your neck.
What's a Black Bolt?
The one who doesn't speak.
I was helping him.
[ Gasps ]
You were helping
Black Bolt?
I helped him...
get away from jail.
Why would he even care
about you?
I was helping him find
his wife.
[ Gasps ]
Who are you,
and what did you do to Sakas?
He was killed
in the explosion.
I was -- I was performing
an autopsy on him.
You were dead --
both of you were.
Wait.
Black Bolt owes you?
In a way, yes.
♪♪
Aah!
Looks like nobody's there.
I don't know.
What?
I-I can't see my way
to a clear, definite ending
for this plan.
Yeah.
So?
How -- How do I act
on a plan
when I feel
this doubt?
You just make
the best decision you can.
Everybody has doubt.
I don't doubt
anything that I do.
At least I didn't
before I hurt my head.
You know that people
who don't feel doubt
are the scariest people
on this planet, right?
Why?
Because doubt
is our friend.
It makes us question things,
helps us find new solutions.
Only crazy fanatics
don't feel doubt.
You -- You would have m--
have me just --
just go, like --
like my cousin Gorgon?
Yeah.
But Gorgon is right
62 percent of the time,
which means
there's 38 percent of the time
where I have to step in
and make things right.
Well,
I've got your back.
That's got to be good
for at least 14 percent of help
when things go bad.
Come on.
I believe in you.
I put everything back.
And I even cleaned up
my hoofprints.
Just barely in time, too.
The whole time, I was thinking,
"How would Karnak handle this?"
You could never handle
anything like I do.
That would be almost
as impossible
as me handling anything
as moronically as you.
Yeah, well,
now you're just being mean.
I'm just stating a truth.
Thanks to Terrigenesis,
you will always be the one
making a mess of things.
I will always be the one
cleaning them up.
But at least I'll have
some fun along the way.
And look at you.
Even when you play games,
you're still stuck
doing nothing.
14 percent sounds
like the right number.
Let's go.
[ Grunts, inhales sharply ]
Under no circumstances
will you allow
any harm to come to my ally,
Dr. Declan.
Wait. What?
And don't tell him
you're with me.
He wouldn't understand
why I sent you.
Wait. Wait.
He had Black Bolt.
Why didn't
you have him killed?
That's not for you
to question.
Declan is important
because of his research
on the humans who have
undergone Terrigenesis.
I don't like the idea
of consorting with this human.
I don't understand.
You don't need to.
Just...keep him safe,
find Black Bolt and the rest
of the Royal Family,
and finish your mission.
I'll be sending you
some help soon.
Who?
Whatever happened
to, "Yes, my king"?
Yes, my king.
♪♪
[ Vines sizzle ]
Aah!
Really?
Well, get him.
♪♪
[ Vine cracks ]
Ohh!
[ Grunting ]
Well, look at you
with the hot hands.
Think he's one of us?
[ Comlink beeps ]
Auran: Where are you?
Well, we stayed on the trail
of Black Bolt, but we lost him.
Did manage to capture
the other human, though.
Hey, you know he's got
abilities?
I didn't.
Yeah.
He says that
he and Black Bolt are friends.
He helped him escape
from jail.
Bring him back to me.
We need him.
[ Birds chirping ]
No sign of Reno.
See?
You were right.
What are the odds of these
versus Reno's gun?
I'd go with the gun.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
You got some reach
with that one.
♪♪
These weren't there
when we left.
Someone else has been here.
[ Vehicle approaching ]
Get in there.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
[ Brakes squeal ]
Load it up!
♪♪
-Got room for it?
-Yeah.
They're robbing us?
Seems unlikely.
They came prepared.
Reno cut a deal
on the side.
That makes sense.
Sneak out the back.
Hide.
Why?
I need you somewhere safe
while I take them down.
If Reno's in league with them,
four is better than five.
I don't doubt that math.
Be careful.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Whoo!
Good boy.
Dave:
This is incredible!
Wow!
Kind of gives you a jolt
in your fillings, you know?
Oh, Crystal,
we've been all over the island
in the blink of an eye.
Do you know how long
that would take us to drive?
My family
could be anywhere.
This place is enormous.
Want to know
the state quote of Hawaii?
"This is my office!"
[ Laughs ]
I don't get it.
Ah, it's okay.
It's kind of a dumb thing
to say, anyway.
[ Grunts ]
I can control the elements,
but this...
There is so much water.
It looks like
it keeps coming toward us.
It's --
It's the tides.
They say it actually
affects normal people.
But you?
It's overwhelming.
I bet they don't have
anything like this on the Moon.
No.
Everything is very controlled
in Attilan.
I always feel separate
from everyone
outside the Royal Family.
You don't get to hang out
with any friends?
It's just me and Lockjaw
mostly.
Well, even if I did
have friends to,
what did you call it,
"hang out with,"
my sister, Medusa,
is so protective.
Things are pretty lax
here in Hawaii.
Our other state motto
is, "Hang loose."
Hang loose?
Don't let life
wind you up tight, you know?
Like, if you feel like,
I don't know, uh,
doing a handstand,
you do it!
[ Laughing ]
You're different
than I expected.
I never expected
being with a human would be...
What? Fun?
...safe.
All we ever saw of humanity
was war and terrorism --
awful things.
Yeah, there -- there are
bad people out there.
But I'm safe,
and most humans are.
You can't live life
all afraid, you know?
You -- Sometimes, you just --
you just got to go for it.
Like...do you want to run
out into the ocean?
You do it!
♪♪
You have fun!
Come on!
My family.
We'll find
your family later!
But right now,
hang loose!
Come on!
♪♪
[ Insects chirping ]
[ Indistinct chatter ]
[ Locus shrieks ]
-Hey, it's that guy!
-Get him!
♪♪
Aah!
[ Groans ]
♪♪
Hey!
Let him go,
or I'll burn all this!
Don't do nothing stupid!
Do it!
♪♪
They care more for the crop
than us.
♪♪
[ Shrieks ]
We're close.
H-H-How exactly
does that thing work?
I don't know.
It just does.
So you feel
this Karnak guy's what --
his, um -- his location,
his distance from you?
Yes to all of that.
And that makes you, what?
The Royal finder of things?
Medusa:
Terrigenesis decides all.
Well, I don't think
I'd like that.
Try being me.
If something goes missing,
I have to find it.
But think of all the good
that you're doing.
Pre-Terrigenesis,
I wanted to be a healer.
She can't do both?
Finding is Locus'
one true path in our society.
And you wonder
why I chose Maximus.
Do you dare speak
against our king?
Your parents dared.
And his parents
banished them for it.
Wait. What?
You married the son
of the people who banished
your parents?
It's not like it sounds.
[ Fingers snap ]
We were alone.
His parents died
shortly after mine did.
We understood loss.
It connected us.
I hear you,
but isn't it ironic
that you guys
have been thrown out
for not wanting to change
the caste system
while your parents did?
The laws of the land in Attilan
aren't perfect,
but we're always working towards
the good of Inhumanity.
You make it sound
like there's no choice
in how you oversee
the law.
Maximus cares enough about us
to want to change things.
We've made mistakes,
and we know the system
isn't perfect for everyone,
but we always try
to do what's best.
Wasn't it Maximus
who forced you to come here
and use your gift to find us?
♪♪
They don't understand because
you've been guarded for so long.
Maybe it's time
everyone knows you like I do.
♪♪
I have the full list
of lower-caste abilities.
Some promising ones here.
Maximus: Good.
Isn't this
Bronaja's father?
He's a level eight
in strength.
He was also the only one
who considered it an honor
to be drafted
into your mission.
The others
were not as happy.
You have to earn
your freedom.
Look at me.
I sacrificed everything
for Attilan.
Do you really think I wanted
to lose my family?
To send Auran to kill
my own flesh and blood?
Forgive me,
but some Inhumans might wonder
if this is for the good
of Attilan...
or for the good
of Maximus.
What?
♪♪
How dare you suggest
that this was all for me.
I'm speaking to you
as a friend.
I don't need friends who
constantly tear down my plans.
Go.
Yes, my king.
♪♪
Father, you don't understand.
You weren't there as everyone
looked at me in pity.
If I'd gotten an ability,
anything but being human,
I could have been king!
None of this
would have happened.
But now I've lost my brother,
my cousin,
all for the greater good
of Attilan!
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Grunts ]
Wait.
How would Karnak handle this?
♪♪
Where's Jen?
Getting a preview
of what's gonna happen to her
if you don't tell me
who you're working with
or why you burned
my crops.
I'll tell you everything,
but you're not gonna believe me.
Try me.
I'm Karnak.
I'm from a city on the Moon,
and I'm an Inhuman.
Stick to the body for now.
[ Grunting ]
[ Blows landing ]
Hyah!
[ Rumbling ]
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Free yourself.
I can't.
[ Exhales forcefully ]
Get the girl.
Who?
-The girl!
-Oh.
Who are you?
Gorgon.
He talks about you
a lot.
Wait.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Before you tell me
how stupid I was
to stomp my way in here --
Stop!
Thank you.
We got to go!
♪♪
[ Insects chirping ]
I like your new clothes.
Another word,
and I kill you.
Sorry we lost Black Bolt.
The days of chasing
Black Bolt are over.
Oh.
We're going back home?
No.
We'll complete the mission
King Maximus gave us.
We'll hold
these pitiful humans hostage
and force Black Bolt
to come to us.
[ Coughs ]
Ohh.
I don't think
that I can keep this up.
I never liked retreating,
anyway.
It's good to have you
by my side.
Seriously.
Are you okay?
I'm not sure,
but I mean what I say.
[ Gunshots, men screaming ]
[ Gunshots, screaming continue ]
♪♪
Black Bolt!
[ Laughs ]
Medusa, you okay?
We heard gunshots.
Yeah,
we took care of them.
What happened to your hair?
It's a long story.
You're a welcome sight, too,
my king.
♪♪
Who's this lovely human?
I'm Louise.
Sorry to break up
this Moon-people reunion,
but I need to find a phone
and call the police.
All of you should leave.
The police?
You'll get in trouble.
Leave with us.
I'll make an anonymous call,
but you don't want to be hassled
by the cops.
You're like the epitome
of illegal aliens.
We thank you.
One moment.
[ Groans ]
♪♪
You're sending me off
before dawn's first light.
It's not like that.
We had a good time,
but now we have to go
our own ways.
Sometimes,
life is just like that.
♪♪
Don't be so hard
on yourself.
A little doubt
is good for you.
♪♪
One day, 6 hours, 46 minutes.
Look at you.
Good for you.
Louise: Oh, my God.
Medusa:
She's been shot.
[ Locus groans softly ]
This is a fatal wound.
Remember, you can change.
Please...
be the king we deserve.
♪♪
Good.
Crystal's here.
What?
On the island.
Where?
Where is she?
Please.
♪♪
No.
Please.
Tell King Maximus I'm loyal.
What were you and the king
talking about, Tibor?
I'm sorry.
I won't speak out against
any of his plans ever again.
Please.
You defied Maximus?
No, not defied.
No.
I only pointed out
how some of his people
might feel about his rule.
We are some
of those people.
We need your assistance
to take down
the false king of Attilan.
♪♪